PRIVACY INFORMATIVE REPORT

DISPAGE wishes to inform you that the Personal Data (Privacy) Ordinance,
Chapter 486 of the laws of the Hong Kong SAR, disciplines the protection of 
people and other subjects as regards the personal data processing.

According to the above-stated legislative Decree, DISPAGE thus gives you the 
following information: Data furnished by the User at the moment of the 
subscription to the DISPAGE website and to its services will be registered 
on DISPAGE electronic databases which will be their owner for the 
processing. This informative report concerns personal data sent by the User 
at the moment of the registration, as well as those obtained by visits and 
surfing in DISPAGE website or given by the User to activate the services 
offered by the Portal. In addition, this report applies to the following 
data from the SugarCRM(TM) application that DISPAGE needs for its correct 
working:

a) SugarCRM(TM) Version, Edition (Flavor) and Build.

b) The Unique SugarCRM installation key.

c) The DB ID of the User logging in SugarCRM. It is an anonymous ID String 
with the format of 'xxxxxxxx-xxxx-xxxx-xxxx-xxxxxxxxxxxx' (i.e. "d0b9e610-
8e5f-e9b1-191d-4aab6533b225").

d) A Boolean info on whether the SugarCRM User has the 
Administrator privileges or not.

e) The language chosen by the User as he/she logs in SugarCRM.

f) The List of the IDs (formatted as described at the point c) of the 
Extensions installed through Dispage Extension Manager.

The data above from the point a) to f) are transmitted automatically to 
DISPAGE when a SugarCRM User connects to the Dispage Resource Center ("DRC") 
from the SugarCRM application.

All the above-mentioned data are compulsory, as it is visible from the 
subscription procedure and from the offered services activation request 
procedure. Personal data communication and the pertinent processing for the 
above-stated aims are strictly useful for the indicated services execution. 
Every refusal from the User to give these data or every refusal to consent 
to their processing will involve the impossibility to use DISPAGE's 
services. 

DISPAGE subjects Users' personal data to all the processing operations 
individuated by the Personal Data Ordinance - that is: collection, 
registration, organization, conservation, elaboration, change, selection, 
extraction, comparison, use, interconnection and any other operation useful 
to supply the asked services - in automatized and computerized ways. This 
data can also be organized in data banks and files.